Add case study neuroimaging to project design sensitive data - machine learning chapter (#2399)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/sdpw/pd-sdp-private-learning.md

Differential privacy has also seen significant use as a technique for preserving privacy during model training, reducing the risk of the model learning individual data points too well by adding small amounts of statistical noise during training {cite:ps}`boulemtafesReviewPrivacypreservingTechniques2020,feyisetanPrivacyUtilitypreservingTextual2020`. 

## Case study: Data privacy in ML neuroimaging
### Why do we want to share neuroimages?

> Neuroimaging is an emerging medical technique focusing on the collection and analysis of brain-related data. Typical sub-fields are EEG, MEG, MRI, fMRI and PET. Neuroimaging methods commonly result in one large, longitudinal data set per individual, which in turn makes the method suitable for the application of machine learning algorithms. At the same time, ML techniques can be costly and time consuming (for example, the average scanning cost for 1hr of fMRI analysis is estimated to be [between USD 1.600-8.400](https://www.itnonline.com/content/mri-costs), with scanning times for an fMRI experiment lasting between 1.5 and 3hrs.)  These efforts associated with the collection of neuroimaging data have led to the foundation of large neuroimaging consortia, with the aim to create data sets that go beyond sample sizes of N=20-30 of a typical single neuroimaging study. Often, such consortia focus on a specific disorder or mental or cognitive state.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding this definition of neuroimaging to the glossary: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/glossary.html 😄

Reviewer: Also, for: EEG, MEG, MRI, fMRI and PET... Maybe write "electroencephalogram (EEG), Magnetoencephalography (MEG)... etc) for people that don't know the terms :)

Reviewer: Same applies to using machine learning (ML)!

Reviewer 2: Removed acronyms and added a reference for details. I think mentioning these method in this chapter is not necessary.

> Neuroimaging is an emerging medical technique focusing on the collection and analysis of brain-related data. Typical sub-fields are EEG, MEG, MRI, fMRI and PET. Neuroimaging methods commonly result in one large, longitudinal data set per individual, which in turn makes the method suitable for the application of machine learning algorithms. At the same time, ML techniques can be costly and time consuming (for example, the average scanning cost for 1hr of fMRI analysis is estimated to be [between USD 1.600-8.400](https://www.itnonline.com/content/mri-costs), with scanning times for an fMRI experiment lasting between 1.5 and 3hrs.)  These efforts associated with the collection of neuroimaging data have led to the foundation of large neuroimaging consortia, with the aim to create data sets that go beyond sample sizes of N=20-30 of a typical single neuroimaging study. Often, such consortia focus on a specific disorder or mental or cognitive state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neuroimaging is an emerging medical technique focusing on the collection and analysis of brain-related data. Typical sub-fields are EEG, MEG, MRI, fMRI and PET. Neuroimaging methods commonly result in one large, longitudinal data set per individual, which in turn makes the method suitable for the application of machine learning algorithms. At the same time, ML techniques can be costly and time consuming (for example, the average scanning cost for 1hr of fMRI analysis is estimated to be [between USD 1.600-8.400](https://www.itnonline.com/content/mri-costs), with scanning times for an fMRI experiment lasting between 1.5 and 3hrs). These efforts associated with the collection of neuroimaging data have led to the foundation of large neuroimaging consortia, with the aim to create data sets that go beyond sample sizes of N=20-30 of a typical single neuroimaging study. Often, such consortia focus on a specific disorder or mental or cognitive state.
```
Just changed the place of a period & a space :)

As outlines in this chapter, sharing data is good, but can be particularly dangerous especially in the case of neuroimaging. 

### What are issues related to sharing neuroimaging data?
Common neuroimaging sharing standards warrant the removal of sensitive information and meta data from neuroimages.

> However, given the focus on the brain, MRI and fMRI data naturally consists of images of the head and skull. Given the power of recent image processing machine learning algorithms, it has already been demonstrated that anonymized neuroimaging data can be matched and thus identified from images of the internet, especially in the presence of additional information {cite:ps}`schwarzIdentification2019`. A second risk associated with neuroimaging data is that a brain scan is often indicated in a combination with a health or medical condition. This adds to the sensitivity of those data and makes a potential leak of information even more dangerous. In the most extreme case, un-anonymized leakage of such health-related information with the de-anonymized neuroimage could result in severe personal disadvantages (for example, reduced employability, insurance cover) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, given the focus on the brain, MRI and fMRI data naturally consists of images of the head and skull. Given the power of recent image processing machine learning algorithms, it has already been demonstrated that anonymized neuroimaging data can be matched and thus identified from images of the internet, especially in the presence of additional information {cite:ps}`schwarzIdentification2019`. A second risk associated with neuroimaging data is that a brain scan is often indicated in a combination with a health or medical condition. This adds to the sensitivity of those data and makes a potential leak of information even more dangerous. In the most extreme cases, un-anonymised leakage of such health-related information with the de-anonymised neuroimage could result in severe personal disadvantages (for example, reduced employability, insurance cover).
```

Reviewer: Just adding some spelling things for British English. Also - I would be really curious to see an example added here: is there a famous case in which this has happened? So after the final sentence, adding in an example where this has been the case. Just a thought :)
